Nicole Roybal: Grab a cucumber and it turns out it went bad. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I logged you out.
Nicole Roybal: I know, I know, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I lost you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. Quiet, quiet I logged you out. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm separating the zoom meetings has nothing to do with your walking away to get your cucumber. Okay, that was perfectly fine. You're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me what's going on.
Nicole Roybal: Um, well. So my wife works at Walmart. Right. And I guess the someone that has work caught the virus.
Nicole Roybal: And they don't want to tell them who and then they waited a week to tell them that someone even caught it like one of the workers.
Nicole Roybal: So I'm freaking out about that because he works there and I am around him all the time and then going to my grandma's is. I didn't know a lot of stuff.
Nicole Roybal: As hard to not go to my grandma's because she needs me and my mom needs you doubt to it's just I don't want, I feel okay fine but people are asymptomatic or whatever. So I'm just, I kinda I'm stressing out
So you
Nicole Roybal: What
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: stressing out is a solution to what
Nicole Roybal: Guess I'm more stressing out about what, what do I do with what is the right like
Nicole Roybal: Choice.
Nicole Roybal: You know, I'm like, should I not be going to my grandma's today lamb very questions already, wiping down the door handles constantly every time he comes.
home from work, you know,
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, I just, I get scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's right for Nicole. There's RIGHT FOR GRAMMA
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's right for mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's right for Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Who else is there to way right
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they different grandma and grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that basically the same right
Nicole Roybal: Morning or different people. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to treat them differently with your precaution.
Nicole Roybal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It will just put them together. We'll just say grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can see that the worrying doesn't, um, because I don't know, maybe it does help you for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worry means that they're going to take action. But if all you're doing is worrying and you're not changing your behavior, then it's it's kind of a waste. But if we're it gets you to actually be more cautious. Be more careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it has some use
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious how much worrying, are we talking about here.
I'm like,
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, I guess just any do that I have to. I know that my mom when she goes to my grandparents house.
Nicole Roybal: My main where he is, then, of course, you know, very vulnerable.
Nicole Roybal: Every time my mom wants me to go with them because I know go with her to go over that today Sean to go with her to go help out. And I guess on those days is when I just kind of like
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I'm working the whole time. The whole time until we're going over there while we're there. And then after that, once I come back home. I'm like, I'm okay. But I'm still kind of worried like, what if
Nicole Roybal: What if I click on something while I was there, but I mean I go there were a face mask a change my clothes and clean like scrubs that I have and I take my shoes off in the garage and Kate clean my hands all the way up my arms and everything. And I'm very, very, very cautious, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't doing that before. So this is a big change before you were going in and just washing hands now all the things that potentially would have this high viral load.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, maybe a shoe or maybe coughing like you're, you know, so you're you're wearing a mask and you're you're washing your hands, you're leaving your shoes and clothes outside away from in here, grandparents are in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your mom doing the same thing.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, what if your mom was doing the same thing. Would you feel less nervous and anxious when you were visiting your grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So it's not that wasn't too complicated to get to, was it
Nicole Roybal: No, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I wasn't too hard. So this is about being able to comfortably. Talk to a parent about something you care deeply about. And you don't have a lot of rehearsal at that
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't like walking
Nicole Roybal: Around telling her, like, please do it, but she will. She's
Nicole Roybal: The one song stuck in their ways, you know, she won't listen
Nicole Roybal: If they do every time we go to the store. I'm like, here I have extra masks clean as we want to squeeze. But actually, no, I'm fine. I'm like, Mom, put it on and she's like, No, I'm okay. I'm like, where the frickin mass. What's wrong with you and she drives me nuts, honestly.
Nicole Roybal: I don't tell her that when freakin mask and don't tell her that she would be like if you
Nicole Roybal: Try to convince her she will
Gwenevere Abriel: How old is that feeling. I tried to tell my mom. The right thing to do. And she won't listen
Gwenevere Abriel: How old How old is that we have some audio issues. In other words, I can hear you. If great is a 10 I hear you out of four, which may mean that you can hear me in a four as well. There's a real possibility.
Nicole Roybal: I can hear you. Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Nicole Roybal: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, we'll see. It's been that way. The last like three sessions. I'm not sure what the difference is. But
Nicole Roybal: I'm telling you, I, I go, I like sign into like that whole stimulus checking in before it was saying that they're still processing in today's the first day, it said that it's going to go into my bank account.
Okay, very good.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, but until then this stupid Obama phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The good thing is is that you can hear just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just challenged. So just means that you might hear Me ask you to repeat things won't mean to but
My
Last
Nicole Roybal: Session, I got it set up right where the speaker wasn't being covered and of course it doesn't
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me better now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll see. So let's see if we can get me sat down and you're like the, let me see 1234 or five year my fifth client today. So I'm feeling a little nauseous with the camera moving around.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm loving this steady. Cool. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an interesting position because there's so many things I want to change right in your world over there like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know where to begin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we start from the outside in. And we'll go to your ears dawn.
Nicole Roybal: I still can't hear. It's getting I could hear a little bit more though because
Nicole Roybal: He say when I'm watching TV. I'll be laying on like on this year where the one that can hear out of. And before I couldn't hear nothing from TV like it all. It all sounds and now I could actually hear sound better this year, a little bit here, like the voices, which sounds muffled
Nicole Roybal: And so it's slowly getting some hearing back. I am going to look up nurse hotline ratio just called the loveless place but I'm remember it like sent me it's like a chat and I tried to do it. And then it was like, okay, now do
Nicole Roybal: Talk to the doctor, you have a $5 and then you'll get it back. And I'm like, don't have $5 my card.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. And if I don't know it didn't work out. But I should have tried harder, but honestly all week. I've been calling the IRS because I need to get an IP pin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: So should I do my taxes and because I got my identity stolen.
Nicole Roybal: And you get one comes from
Right.
Nicole Roybal: It takes 21 days for them to send it to me in the mail. But if I do it online. I get it right away, but it wasn't letting me do it online. So I call them and
Nicole Roybal: It's just been a headache. Honestly, but they're sending it to me in the mail. Which sucks.
Nicole Roybal: But I mean, as long as they know what's coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So bravo. That is not an easy thing to talk with the IRS especially right now. They're very busy.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you persevered and you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to the hey I need $5 to talk to a nurse. Let's go back to that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who has $5 who has $5 on a credit card that you could use.
Nicole Roybal: But honestly, I could just call us and talk to them, instead of having to do that. So I'll just, I'll call them today, and
Nicole Roybal: I called it was yesterday and I tried that. Okay. And then I guess I just kind of gave up to this, but today I will call it after session. I love list to place where at my appointment and there's place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: They didn't go to and they even called me then to me and said that they're, they're not doing an appointment right now and that they will reschedule and over everyone's appointments. Okay, um,
Nicole Roybal: But yeah, I had missed that call ball call them today and ask them what they think about it that way.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. So one day you spent with the IRS. And now today you can spend a little bit more focused time I'm getting some medical information because
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm concerned, I would hate for it to be a loss of hearing that was more than 1% or something. You know what I mean, like, I don't think people even noticed the 1% but
Gwenevere Abriel: What if an earlier intervention could have been helpful. I don't know. I'm not a medical professional. I have no idea. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's get back to say it again.
Nicole Roybal: I just find it weird that it doesn't hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I have, I have an air conditioner and it doesn't hurt me. I've had it since I was in college, I don't know what the heck it is. Yeah. That's why I do that hair flip thing all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: No idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've gone to specialist and they tell me mouth guard and all kinds of other crap and it doesn't help.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got three different mouth guards. So next person that says it on this stuff, and in their mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
I think I needed to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pretty annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or am I see. Where were we last time. So we were talking last time. He said, I still can't hear nothing but now it's starting to get a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately when headphones in right here. No pain called primary care on Tuesday, and they told me to wait it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have nothing to do for me spoke with a medical assistant front desk might not have consulted with Dr. She did not put me on hold client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can call again next week and asked to speak with doctor or nurse helpful to hear Dr. Morales perspective, I might have waited too long to take the Gabba Penton feel sweaty.
Gwenevere Abriel: But hands are cold. Okay. Um, yeah, I wanted to show you something. Your, your taper with the gala Penton. I don't know how this has happened, but it's really kind of behind
Nicole Roybal: Was it when I, when I had messed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: Who that was taking
Gwenevere Abriel: But look how far behind your at 1100 aren't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Look how far, shouldn't you only be
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, because you would be at 800 right now is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: We were off by
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought we were only off by 100 milligrams, but maybe it was 200
Nicole Roybal: Okay, that's where it says that's getting 1700
Nicole Roybal: And one of the weeks.
Nicole Roybal: When I said I was getting really sweaty, I
Nicole Roybal: She said, I can't wait one more week to go down. But that still doesn't add up. But absolutely, I should get 900
Gwenevere Abriel: So on March 10 actually was taking 1700 taking 1600 between 393 13 and starting to take 15 on
Gwenevere Abriel: Year.
Gwenevere Abriel: That puts this here and this would have been right here 13. This would have been 12. This would have been 11 see right here. You would be at I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Just add the thousand right now. So I just wonder if you remember to taper this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I did. I went down this week so that 1200 for
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well whatever it is you're still plugging along. So just, just wanted to show you, you're not that
Nicole Roybal: Weird. I don't know how that happened. But I promise. I've been tapering every single
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hey, listen, this. Yeah, it's up to you. This is not a mood altering substance, so I'm not, I'm not worried about the the addictive behavior part. This is just because I know you want to come down so
Nicole Roybal: I've actually been really, really proud of myself because I've been like remembering and now and behind
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah but but but I think it's because we started off wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right here is right in here, because if we were thinking of new 1400
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're off quite a bit. See
Gwenevere Abriel: We were thinking, it'd be 14 but really you're at 17 so I think it was just the initial
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't dose it got screwy. So this whole chart is
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just keep plugging along keep doing your, your we're 100 and I'll keep tracking it over here. Okay, it's going to be this stuff on the right. It'll be over here that really matters. Whatever you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you start to forget we should be able to see it when we meet, and we look at this again. Okay, so nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're taking pride in remembering, um, is it because you keep all the medicine together and same place. How are you pulling that off.
Nicole Roybal: I mean, I just keep it on the nightstand. I'm actually writing for me right now but
Nicole Roybal: I'm about to run out of but I called the pharmacy and they said that they have a refill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's shift gears and start focusing a little bit on you brought something up today, which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one thing to have a disconnect with your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just about an interpersonal communication, but it's another thing to have that disconnect about your mother and then to be thinking my grandparents could get sick.
Exactly.
Nicole Roybal: I'm like she needs it serious and so she washes their hands, nothing but like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, just like with her clothes she just doesn't care about it and it's like you're everything in your car to be dirty. If you could went to the store and I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: The handles everything. I don't know. I get so nervous. And I don't think that they take it as serious as I am. And that's why were you so much because it's like I have to worry for everyone else, because they don't take it as seriously as I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how it looks.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, they're not worrying that I have to worry for them, I have to tell them do this like please like, you know,
Crazy.
Nicole Roybal: Even though Daniel like he doesn't like ever need to just want all day at work when he's at work, you know, so I'm like clean your phone. As soon as you own.
Nicole Roybal: Or his ISA yes Lisa exam. That's also something he touches constantly like throughout the day. And he's like, I use sanitizer when they get in my car. And I'm just like, Yeah, but he probably just receive on the way to your car before you send it
Right.
Nicole Roybal: To think about these things like they've been cleaning them for him. But if you need to do it. You need to be more awareness and he is he's conscious. He
Nicole Roybal: wears a mask at work and everything, but only because they started making him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the part about the part about you making contact with Daniel that's within your control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not you're controlling your mother not within your control. But you're saying to yourself, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I don't want to go to my grandparents house maybe telling your mother. I don't want to go. I've been putting myself at
Gwenevere Abriel: This additional risk level because Daniels out and about throughout the day. I'm putting my grandparents at risk because I'm hanging out with him, so I can't help you today. So what would happen if you said that to your mother just kind of want to know what that would result in
Nicole Roybal: Probably not even go
Gwenevere Abriel: What does real upset, like, show me what is real upset look like
Nicole Roybal: Nothing shows like just like okay well
Nicole Roybal: Are you sure
Nicole Roybal: I'll be like,
Nicole Roybal: Even sick.
Nicole Roybal: Daniel that virus is working and also been caught it, and she'll try to convince me now. So no and then she'll talk to you and like, be like, Oh man, she won't get matched or just kind of like like hadn't like it's
Nicole Roybal: Like okay, we'll talk to you later and hang up.
Nicole Roybal: And then deep inside really be have said, probably not even go to my grandparents. She doesn't want to go alone.
Nicole Roybal: And a lot of the town we go. I'll go and I'll cook for them. And my mom will get one of them in the shower or clean the house or like whatever
Nicole Roybal: Or even just sit there and just hang out with them. We just want people to talk to you, you know,
Nicole Roybal: Right. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now I just learned that real upset, is this. Oh, okay. Well, but you're not even sick and come on, let's go. This you're making a bigger deal out of nothing, or. All right, fine. I'll talk to you later. That is equal sign, real upset that right. Yeah. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: For my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for mom. Got it.
Nicole Roybal: show respect my choice, you know, but should be like
Nicole Roybal: Herself will be like kind of like
Nicole Roybal: Upset I can find another word for it because she doesn't get mad, she doesn't get like angry. She's
Nicole Roybal: Like
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how strongly do you feel, what is your conviction right your how strongly you feel that's what conduction is right about going or not going over to your grandparents house.
Nicole Roybal: Things I do want to go. I really do want to go. I love seeing them and I love helping being able to help them. But the feeling of getting them said, I'm still wants him to like the worry is like probably go seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, six.
Nicole Roybal: I know I'm very cautious and I know I'm being careful. I think it's like you with that made me realize what you mentioned
Nicole Roybal: My mom is what's worrying me. She's not being careful
Nicole Roybal: So let's all go you just stay in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, that's interesting. Of course, that you're there for hours. So that doesn't quite work almost works, but not quite. Your
Nicole Roybal: Mom hers cemetery bothering her and I got nervous that she was taking any type of way. And so I just went inside, we brought them pizza.
Nicole Roybal: And I went inside and just like cleaned up and to my grandma's chat, chat out and stuff because she has this little trash can and it gets full of all her
Nicole Roybal: Bloody pads and diapers and stuff.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: So we always have to dump that out about the trash can up the toilet and everything and
Nicole Roybal: I got this toilet. So I just like ran through and cleaned everything right click and then left
Nicole Roybal: So you tell my grandparents are really sad that I just like human when set of being able to sit down and talk
Nicole Roybal: To them like
Nicole Roybal: I can't make everybody happy and I keep trying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the one can't make everybody happy.
Keep trying.
Nicole Roybal: Don't ever defeated.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's back up a little bit. Let's go to something we touched on last last week, which had to do with this, you know, looking visually at kind of your destination kind of where you want to be. You want to kind of have this graduation hat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you spend any more time kind of thinking about those two images kind of what is now and what you want in the future.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Actually, it was a good
Nicole Roybal: Am I just showing like what I thought. And he kind of like laugh like oh they're right, you're never going to quit smoking cigarettes.
Nicole Roybal: You said a kid running a kid. I'm like, what value like you need like laughing at these things and I'm just like, this is actually
Nicole Roybal: What I really like see
Gwenevere Abriel: So how did you feel, Nicole. How did you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Angry
Nicole Roybal: Like sad honestly like you don't want the same
Nicole Roybal: things worse. Like, there's always compromise, no matter what. But
Like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, like you never know like
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that was very that was brave of you to share something so personal.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was very risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell him you're laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: At what I envisioned my future.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell him.
Nicole Roybal: No, he knew I hurt my feelings. I just told him.
Nicole Roybal: Is really what I see, like, Why are you laughing at me like,
Nicole Roybal: He said, Well, once I see you do it, then I'll believe it, something like that. And I just, like, whatever. Okay. And I just closed the book. Put it away.
Nicole Roybal: Like a short conversation. It was just, he came over his lunch. So it wasn't like we got all into depth about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a breath. Just breathe for a minute. Just breathe a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can identify
Gwenevere Abriel: What you had hoped would be the outcome of sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: That picture.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I'm glad that you actually have like some or even like a plan for future like
Nicole Roybal: Even seeing
Nicole Roybal: Any future all like, instead of just looking for actually trying to
Nicole Roybal: Make some sort of a plan if said like, I don't know, like, hoping he would support me more.
Nicole Roybal: Even just not laugh like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if he wasn't. Laughing What would he say, What would he do if he was looking at that picture.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: So, well, I would want to say what I know you say if he wasn't supposed to do is
Nicole Roybal: We have to go shoppers.
And
Nicole Roybal: That's what he
Nicole Roybal: Would say
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you have quiet for a little bit, Nicole. Just sit in the quiet just sit in the quiet. Let it come
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture, and it may not be his face, and maybe someone else's
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's someone else that you want support from
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's another voice that says a supportive statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if it's Daniel just just stay in the quiet for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now, we've identified it happened you shared it with Daniel. And so we're talking about him, but it doesn't always mean that that's who you really want to hear this information from
Gwenevere Abriel: So give that imagination, a little bit of room to move around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's a matter of
Gwenevere Abriel: Who do you want to hear support from
Gwenevere Abriel: He'd be starting there.
Nicole Roybal: I support you and I know you
And
Nicole Roybal: What are the steps and plans, we should do to help to make sure that you do this and that. You don't just kind of let it
Nicole Roybal: Fade away and like I have done.
Nicole Roybal: What can we do to make sure that you stay on this track and try to figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clear what I heard you say is support would look like him, saying, I support you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you can do this. So he also has fade. So he says, I support you. I believe in you, and what are the steps to get you there. I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. I didn't hear any of that. I'm so sorry.
Nicole Roybal: Like, like say like, it's always like is me helping him when it comes to like I'm
Nicole Roybal: Having to do stuff like that like calling places and making meetings and doing stuff like that. Um, so it's me. That has to do that. It's like, well, why don't you help me out with doing it, instead of just
Nicole Roybal: sitting over there while I get everything together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: wanting someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: To parent you you've been doing the parenting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is it that needed to step up and do that.
Nicole Roybal: Was the thing is he thinks he's the parent because he works, and he pays all the bills. So therefore, he's a grown up. He's more of the front up and he's the parent and the child because he supports all the money and legal bills. So I am the kid. I am the base kit in the world.
Nicole Roybal: He is the dad.
Nicole Roybal: But
Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were growing up when you were growing up, did you notice that you had to take care of your siblings and you had to take on cooking and responsibilities when you were growing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often did you have to do that.
Every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who needed to have been doing those things.
Nicole Roybal: My parents and
Nicole Roybal: I'll let you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's your parents. Right. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: But that's the thing is I'm used to it. So like now I just the way it handles relationship is like, I love cooking. I do a cleaning. I basically
Nicole Roybal: Do all like a housewife. I do all that stuff, you know, and so it's like I didn't have any moment. I do everything for you if I don't cook. You don't mean like come on dude. How do you not see the I'm also the parents. Well, we're both like the parents to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that part. Go. That thing you keep forcing Daniel into let that imagery. You're forcing that to happen.
Nicole Roybal: Every day.
Nicole Roybal: Not every day or every
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: The I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Help me with my next step. The I want you to champion me and cheerlead me and encouraged me. I want you to believe in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the real important people in your life that fail to do that for you.
Nicole Roybal: Like everyone believes in a certain extent.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the hope this is a good question, who failed at being a parent, maybe not 100% but could have done a better job, who we talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: So leave it right there. You find out if that's true. So try it on.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it is my parents, right, try that on just try that side on and see if it's true. It's not going to talk about Daniel for a little while.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connections connections not great.
Gwenevere Abriel: An open ended question.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you been thinking about and I know and it's not going to be a story about Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you been thinking about as I have been talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have been present defied which means having had to take on the role of a parent, what does it make you think of how old are you, how old is this experience of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to do all of the organizing the planning the structuring the reminding and the worrying and the preparation. How old is this spent. Don't answer me right away. Think just sit with it. This is therapy. Sit don't have to answer me right away just ponder, it's a big question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you had to do over
Gwenevere Abriel: If we could only pick one person today to talk about, would it be your mom or would it be your dad that needed to step in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get you to do the next steps so that you can reach your goals to encourage you to believe in you to support you so that you can reach your goals.
Both okay
Nicole Roybal: She was that time to time, you know, and she pushed me in her weird ways but like my dad never did anything
Nicole Roybal: And if he didn't do anything. He would just come in and yeah
Nicole Roybal: I never taught
Gwenevere Abriel: There so so hold on to that just sit there with it. What's the feeling you get when you remember that sitting there and he wouldn't do
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't encourage surely you and you didn't get to hear. I believe in you. How was your day, and you could do all I believe in you. You can do this. You can do this. You've got this
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body remembers over and over, doesn't matter what you do, he's still gonna sit on the couch.
Nicole Roybal: Like me and him have a really good relationship and like talk and everything, but
Nicole Roybal: It's not the same. I wish I would have that growing up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just imagine now I'll bring up Daniel. I'll bring it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is common, nine out of 10 times or 10 out of 10 it's that common, but what we bring into our life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What our partner looks like to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that unresolved dynamic from childhood.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so what you want from Daniel, you said it earlier today is why don't you encourage me
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you cheerlead me. Why don't you support me much like the way your dad didn't
Oh god.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. We all we all do that we all do that we all do that because
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to repair that early childhood wounding it's unconscious and cold, but we want to repair it. And so we project our father on to our romantic partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all that other thing you were doing just just leave that alone for a little while and get in the way. I will confuse you. I have an unmet need with my father put me first is the unmet need put you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter how busy your day was see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you couldn't see you
Gwenevere Abriel: So here, this person is a Daniel. Don't some other day it'll be something else, but here it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you want for him to put you first to care about your goals and to take you seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it hurts that once again your it feels like you're 13 your unknown your unseen your uncared for and it's awful. He doesn't know he's having this big impact on you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I saw him, he makes it seem like
Nicole Roybal: What do you mean I always put you first. I do everything for you, you know, the bills I lend you money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, hold on, hold on, you're going to get. You're getting too much into content with him stay in the analysis stay in the analysis, Nicole of the projection of how we humans do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay there, that it is typical and normal for all of us to do that. And why do you think we do it. Why do we humans do. Why do we project our father on to our partner. Why do we do it.
Nicole Roybal: Because we're looking for that whole you feel
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if you have shame around that. That's a whole other level of inconvenience. So let it go. It's normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's normal to want to heal from a childhood one to want to feel loved the way we didn't feel loved. When we were 13 we want it badly. We want it because it's a part of our development and if it doesn't get resolved, we almost stay 13
Gwenevere Abriel: We stay stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're sitting there, smoking weed with your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you guys get to talk, but it would cost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he talking to you about the steps that you need to take. Is he your cheerleader, or is it costs as you have to sit there and smoke weed with your father. Now, you already know I have a bias. So I don't cover it very well, but I don't like that. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I want him to say
Gwenevere Abriel: This is bad for your body, you're a young woman it stunting your, your brain growth and you can't learn new things and it's bad for I can give a list your sex hormones your sex life. Like it's messing with a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: I want him to be able to say to you, sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, I'm doing that. No more not smoking with you anymore and and let's let's get you motivated on on what are you worth the effort. You're talking to the IRS. How can I help and I wanted to help you.
Gwenevere Abriel: With with the whole debt consolidation nonsense and I wanted to say what the heck happened. I remember you are
Gwenevere Abriel: You are kicking butt you graduated from high school and and you are going to conquer the world like what the heck, let's see. Let's get you back on track. What's the first thing we need to do. I wanted to jump in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You with me.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish your dad would step in and act like a father and not a buddy, not a smoking, buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again,
Nicole Roybal: I've tried to tell him what you taught me and
Nicole Roybal: He doesn't believe it. Believe it any of it and like you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wasting your words, you're wasting your time I'll never and I have never and I never have said, well, you should go tell your parents the facts, your shirt.
Nicole Roybal: Haven't. No, I just tried to like, share the knowledge I just learned, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: You really think that all of the failed opportunities that they've had to be a good enough parent, you think they're going to want to look at that.
Nicole Roybal: Oh no, oh no, I don't tell them that stuff. I have tried to tell them like step up my boss and how maybe there's a problem or whatever.
Nicole Roybal: And they get so mad at them that perish, they like, and they especially my mom, she get so defensive and I'm just like, listen to me like actually think about it like, Please, just think about it like you think getting defensive better way to think about it like
Nicole Roybal: a roof over your head, didn't you, and I'm just like, Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But, Nicole. You wanted more than a roof over your head.
Nicole Roybal: You know, I just end up dropping it because it just, it doesn't lead nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right now. You know, you're wasting your words but you know that a real time. I can't warn you, and say you're going to waste your time it's going to piss them off.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but now you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You figure that out on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she tested it. If you just said to me, hey, should I just go tell me where to when it comes to talking about
Them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is true. There they would come to that on their own insight, the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling you, I hear a go. You should cut back on drinking, but for you. You wouldn't know wanted to hear it.
You're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna have to come to it on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'll you'll come to it and I'm we out here. We've got to wait. I can go back and I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta wait
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have great advice. But you guys are going to have to feel it in real time with the truth is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, with the 10 minutes that we have left. Actually, I won't be able to say that I'll have to jump out and go to run a group. So Nicole. Just take a look at today. Look at what you did what we talked about to send rewind.
Gwenevere Abriel: The film of today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what was an important growth moment. Maybe or an insight or maybe something that surprised you a thought or a feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see if you can tune into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see how you to carry yourself today you made sure that you did something in here today where you made sure you got what you needed
Nicole Roybal: Well, for one, I didn't realize how upset. I really was about Daniel laughing at my
Nicole Roybal: Newborn, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't realize I mean that upset and then also how you said feeling like you're 13 again every time you like downgrades or
Nicole Roybal: Like yeah, what do you said that you know what I mean like that really resonated because I didn't realize I get doesn't feel like a kid again. And then I start
Nicole Roybal: I guess I got I got the acting like a kid. But, like, kind of like I get pissed off. And like I said again my anxiety attacks and it really hot around by each so else
Nicole Roybal: Noticed that started happening again like a year ago and ever really on me. I got really hot, and like I couldn't handle it and I can agree that actually get out of the room because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
And so I guess it does kind of take me back to my
Nicole Roybal: Teenage so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there we go that's that's a big insight and you did that all by yourself.
Nicole Roybal: Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But what it means because you're willing to look at those pieces now, not the only truth, your family, your friends, they all have their piece they have something
Gwenevere Abriel: They have their perspective, but you have every right to your experience of your, your childhood and and you have every right to that you had an experience and it doesn't make them bad parents
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't make you a bad girl. It just means it had an effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're talking about it if you're willing to sit with it and talk about it, it means that you're not unconscious anymore. It means it's not driving your decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: on automatic pilot you means now you get to be conscious and awake and say, oh, now and you're sitting with Daniel and you notice heat. This is where your choice comes in. I noticed the heat. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My 13 year old is getting activated again right now. And all I want to do is scream and yell and I feel so wronged. HOW COULD YOU HOW COULD YOU HOW COULD YOU THIS IS THE OLD ME. I feel like I'm a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And all of a sudden choice comes in and maybe something you and I have said, or somewhere along the line, something will be remembered, maybe that interaction between you and Dan will be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it will be. Hmm. Well, I'm sitting here right now thinking about how I was a kid, this feels exactly like I was when I was 13 me wanting you
Gwenevere Abriel: To take care of me, it's happening right now. I wanted so badly. It's almost like you're my dad. I want it like my life depends on it. I'm embarrassed. I can't believe I'm even saying this to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I need to do it for myself, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It breaks my heart when you laugh at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reminds me of how I wasn't seen by my dad and breaks my heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it won't be that. But you see how when you're conscious. Now, if they can both exist. What's happening a memory in the past and how it's getting triggered in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, look at this. This is dialing out my response to this interaction with Daniel this long history back here is dialing up the intensity of what's going on here with me and Daniel you're conscious you're awake and if you stay conscious and awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what becomes possible as you can name it just like I just said, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, I'm kind of expecting this from you that might be too much pressure. Daniel and I'm sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's true. I kind of wish you step in their rescue me and take care of me. I wish my dad has when I was 13, you know. So what
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you see, you don't have that option when you're not conscious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, Nicole. So my concern is you just heard advice from a therapist. Is that what you just heard.
Nicole Roybal: No, I took it in. I know exactly, I guess. Yeah, the therapist is like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. So here's my concern we have a long time delay. So I keep talking over you in a really sorry about that. But here's my concern right before I go to really important Nicole, it is very important to me that you not hear me telling you to go tell Daniel. This is very important.
Nicole Roybal: I think I just I like I don't think you're telling me to do anything. It's me taking your advice and me trying to put it into how I could transcribe it into my world.
And put it on.
Nicole Roybal: How I could try to have that conversation with Daniel next time it comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the conversation is I'll tell Daniel How I'm actually feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right.
Nicole Roybal: No, no, I don't ever think that you're telling me what to do. And I heard you say that one day know taking your advice and I just tried to put it into my world and how I could use it. I don't ever take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, just this last piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, you worked very hard in here. Okay. This was a tough one. We went back in time and that that's not an easy thing to do, to look at what was missing when we love our family and to see them as flawed humans. They're not perfect. You know, that's a hard thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but also go slow. Like, why do we have to apply it right away. You just got it. What if you sit with it. Another week a month. What if you just sit and see if it's really true. Just watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just watch. See where it shows up. Why, you know, do you have to take action right away. What if you just sat with this new insight, a little longer just it's fragile.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: casualty. Yeah. Are we scheduled for May 1 at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: First at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then I will see you in group on Tuesday. Do I can message. The doctor that you're here.
Nicole Roybal: Wait, why
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to know if there is, if I need to message. The doctor that you were here. Do I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay. Then I will see you on Tuesday morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to give
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked hard today. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody